[14:57]
(General)
Cypress.io did work due to some malware problem

[15:34]
(General)
Looking into the problem sooner, due to a malware issue.
The IP Address within the house has been blacklisted.
So I'll need to these 2 steps; before using Cypress.

Another thing, that I can deduce from this - 2 possible
scenarios;

  1) there was some form of malware that must have existed
  on the SpaceportX network. Managed to latch onto my local
  machine somehow.
  We can double check this by going back to SpaceportX, using
  any website that using CloudFlares

  OR

  2) The Malware must have entered the network, via some device
  that is not my laptop.
    - Could be my
    - My Mobile
    - Other people's devices in the house

Solution

> Check Malware Origin

A) Check next time whether you can use Cypress.io, in SpaceportX.
If it's possible, then the virus must have originated from the house

1) Do a full sweep of everyone's devices - mainly laptops, as phones
are better protected.

2) Find a way to get the house's IP address from being blacklisted.


[18:45]
(General)
Had the first of many Christmas dinners to come. So time was not placed
into learning how to use Cypress.io .


[19:11]
(General)

Note that Cypress is still a bit buggy - you may have to restart the
code editor or the local machine, if it is enable to local test files

(Comment: Cypress.io)
Testing in general is very useful. However the current learning curve
is pretty high. Cypress all-in-one package offers a GUI to see all
this testing happen really time.
The setup and execution costs are minimised, the GUI allow use to test
not only on a webpage, but also on different sized devices - visually
simulates user input.

(N.B: Cypress.io)
Cypress ESLint Plugin is available


[19:49]
(General)
Can't seem to use fullscreen mode with Cypress - thus I may have to
test this manually - (no automated tests sadly, for now).

I'll have to manually disable before I can use Cypress.io

[20:45]
(General)
Cypress are able to check whether an element is visible or not.
I dunno if it can test for elements are tappable, or some element
is covering it up with another element.

[22:00]
(General)
Did some simple tests. When the number tests you write increases, you
may wanna use test reporters. This allows to see the test coverage of
cypress. Because Cypress is build on 'Mocha', you can use test reporters
built for Mocha such as 'Junit', 'teamcity'
